benchmarks.md, before:

## Benchmarks

Unscientific benchmark perplexities are below for WikiText2. This follows the methodology described in the GPTQ and SparseGPT papers.

Results are separated by base model I've tested. Note that your numbers may vary since quantization doesn't seem to be entirely deterministic (somehow.) Also, PPL seems to be very sensitive to the quality of calibration data as well. YMMV.

### OPT

| Bits | Sparsity |  125M |  2.7B |
| :--: | :------: | :---: | :---: |
|  16  |   100%   | 27.66 | 12.46 |
|   4  |   100%   | 31.13 | 13.16 |
|   4  |  16:32   | 40.97 | 14.61 |

### LLaMA

| Bits | Sparsity |  7B  |  13B |
| :--: | :------: | :--: | :--: |
|  16  |   100%   |  OOM |  OOM |
|   4  |   100%   | 6.83 |  OOM |
|   4  |  16:32   | 9.53 | 6.78 |

### Pythia

| Bits | Sparsity |  350M | 1.3B  |
| :--: | :------: | :---: | :---: |
|  16  |   100%   | 16.66 | 12.68 |
|   4  |   100%   | 22.41 | 13.69 |
|   4  |  16:32   | 57.54 | 21.02 |

(not sure why sparsity hurts PPL so much here)

Commit message:

group quantization and other backend enhancements
- group quantization now supported (with some restrictions)
- new experimental options:
  - alternative quantization [grid] methods
  - staged calibration
  - guessed sparse percentage
  - activation sorting (sorta0
- updated some comments for accuracy

benchmarks.md, after:

## Benchmarks

Unscientific benchmark perplexities are below for WikiText2. This follows the methodology described in the GPTQ and SparseGPT papers.

Results are separated by base model I've tested. Note that your numbers may vary since quantization doesn't seem to be entirely deterministic (somehow.) Also, PPL seems to be very sensitive to the quality of calibration data as well. YMMV.

Note that the below benchmarks were current as-of 3c1c616, and predate some of the new quantization options.

### OPT

| Bits | Sparsity |  125M |  2.7B |
| :--: | :------: | :---: | :---: |
|  16  |   100%   | 27.66 | 12.46 |
|   4  |   100%   | 31.13 | 13.16 |
|   4  |  16:32   | 40.97 | 14.61 |

### LLaMA

| Bits | Sparsity |  7B  |  13B |
| :--: | :------: | :--: | :--: |
|  16  |   100%   |  OOM |  OOM |
|   4  |   100%   | 6.83 |  OOM |
|   4  |  16:32   | 9.53 | 6.78 |

### Pythia

| Bits | Sparsity |  350M | 1.3B  |
| :--: | :------: | :---: | :---: |
|  16  |   100%   | 16.66 | 12.68 |
|   4  |   100%   | 22.41 | 13.69 |
|   4  |  16:32   | 57.54 | 21.02 |

(not sure why sparsity hurts PPL so much here)
